Release Godot 4.2 beta 2 and publish release notes (#737)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_article/dev-snapshot-godot-4-2-beta-2.md

---
title: "Dev snapshot: Godot 4.2 beta 2"

> excerpt: "After last week's 4.2 beta 1 release, we fixed a number of bugs reported by the community, which are now ready to test in beta 2."

Reviewer: The bugs are ready to be tested?

```suggestion
excerpt: "After last week's 4.2 beta 1 release, we introduced fixes for a number of bugs reported by the community, which are now ready to test in beta 2."
```
